Coke Studio Season 14
I am compelled to, I have to drink this poison. I have to endure your torment.
He was supposed to come but he didn't. My heart is pounding. The crow said to tell me, where are his footprints? I searched everywhere but couldn't find him. Please don't stop me.
Dhol: A double-headed drum widely used in South Asian music, especially in Punjabi folk music.
My dhol of separation, how will you know? Your heart will ache.
The conversations we built, how will they happen? Your heart will never be complete.
I have forgotten my compulsion, forgotten the world's oppression. I have so much to do with you. I have to fulfill my needs.
I will go, I will call you, everything will be alright.
Dhol: A double-headed drum widely used in South Asian music, especially in Punjabi folk music.
My dhol of separation, how will you know? Your heart will ache.
The conversations we built, how will they happen? Your heart will never be complete.
It will never be complete
Dhol: A double-headed drum widely used in South Asian music, especially in Punjabi folk music.
My dhol of separation, there will be no peace.
There will be no peace in lovers' hearts, there will be no consolation.
Come take me with you. I want to be yours. End this sorrow, make it true, make us one.
I am compelled to, I have to drink this poison. I have to endure your torment.
I searched everywhere but couldn't find him. Please don't stop me.
Dhol: A double-headed drum widely used in South Asian music, especially in Punjabi folk music.
My dhol of separation, how will you know? Your heart will ache.
The conversations we built, how will they happen? Your heart will never be complete.
It will never be complete.